twister: pytest: Simplify interface to pytest-twister-harness (#59419)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/test/pytest.rst

One can also pass some extra arguments to the pytest from yaml file using ``pytest_args`` keyword
under ``harness_config``, e.g.: ``pytest_args: [‘-k=test_method’, ‘--log-level=DEBUG’]``.

Following import is required to include in .py sources:

.. code-block:: python

   from twister_harness import Device

> It is important for type checking and enabling IDE hints for duts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important for type checking and enabling IDE hints for ``dut``s (objects representing Devices Under Test).
```
I realized that dut acronym is nowhere explained, and here is the first usage of dut
